CSE Department :

shyjithmb@stthomascollege.ac.in - shyjithmb
anoops@stthomascollege.ac.in - sanoop007
rahulg@stthomascollege.ac.in - rahulg
syamraj@stthomascollege.ac.in - syam07raj
sunil@stthomascollege.ac.in - STC517
nimisha@stthomascollege.ac.in - STC516
stefin@stthomascollege.ac.in - STC518
sarathvs@stthomascollege.ac.in - sarathvsstc
saraths@stthomascollege.ac.in - stc603
nishamohan@stthomascollege.ac.in - nishamohan23
syamraj@stthomascollege.ac.in - syam07raj

Mechanical Department :

s.sarath@stthomascollege.ac.in - ssarath
venugopal@stthomascollege.ac.in - venugopal
vipin@stthomascollege.ac.in - pbk27j
vipingopan@stthomascollege.ac.in - vipingopan
rathish@stthomascollege.ac.in - STC302
joju@stthomascollege.ac.in - JPJ
sarathv@stthomascollege.ac.in - sarathv
rakeshraj@stthomascollege.ac.in - Stc313
roshinthomas@stthomascollege.ac.in - roshinthomas
vishnuraj@stthomascollege.ac.in - STC320
vidhusankar@stthomascollege.ac.in - vidhusankar
vigil@stthomascollege.ac.in - vigiljv

Civi Department :

harindranath@stthomascollege.ac.in - HOD-CE
swathy@stthomascollege.ac.in - swathys
sangeetha@stthomascollege.ac.in - Sangeethaprijil
arshana@stthomascollege.ac.in - Arshana_Shihas
nehal@stthomascollege.ac.in - nehalanna
gokulskumar@stthomascollege.ac.in - STC112 
saritha@stthomascollege.ac.in - sarithav

Electronics Department :

ajay@stthomascollege.ac.in - ajayvg
chinjulekshmi@stthomascollege.ac.in - spca1234
thushara@stthomascollege.ac.in - thush
rincymol@stthomascollege.ac.in - Rincymolstc
bejoy@stthomascollege.ac.in - Bejoy30

Agri Department : 

selvan@stthomascollege.ac.in - Selvan

Electrical Department :

manojkumar@stthomascollege.ac.in - mktmanoj
roshni@stthomascollege.ac.in - Roshni_Baby






















